NOMINATE SOMEONE WHO IS FAR TOO
AMERICA.
MY NEXT GUEST, A TRUCK-BACKED
REPUBLICAN WHO FINISHED SECOND
IN THE CALIFORNIA GUBERNATORIAL
PRIMARY ON TUESDAY, FACING OFF
AGAINST DEMOCRATIC LIEUTENANT
GOVERNOR GAVIN NEWSOM THIS
NOVEMBER.
JOINING US TONIGHT, THE WINNER
OF THE REPUBLICAN NOMINATION,
THE REPUBLICAN CANDIDATE FOR
GOVERNOR OF CALIFORNIA, JOHN
COX.
IT IS A DELIGHT TO HAVE YOU WITH
US.
AND YOU EMBRACE.
>> IT'S GREAT TO BE WITH YOU,
LOU.
AND I WANT TO TELL YOU, BY THE
WAY, THERE'S A LOT OF
CAPITALISTS IN CALIFORNIA.
LOU: AND IT'S GOOD TO HEAR.
AND YOU'RE FACING WHAT IS IT, A
20-POINT DEFICIT IN REGISTRATION
THROUGHOUT THE STATE.
BUT YOU FINISHED WHAT, WAS IT
THREE OR FOUR POINTS SHORT OF
GAVIN NEWSOM, THE DEMOCRAT?
>> YEAH.
LOU: THAT'S EXTRAORDINARY.
AND IT HAS TO, WELL, FILL YOUR
HEART WITH CONFIDENCE AS YOU
LOOK TOWARD THE MIDTERMS BECAUSE
YOU'RE OVERCOME MUCH.
WHAT'S A LITTLE MORE.
>> WELL, AND WHAT FILLS MY
CONFIDENCE IS THAT GOVERN NEWSOM
HAS TOLD US HE'S GOING TO DOUBLE
THE STATE INCOME TAX, GOING TO
INCREASE PROPERTY TAXES AND MAKE
SURE THAT WE DON'T REPEAL THE
GAS TAX WHICH HAS DRIVEN OUR
GASOLINE OVER $4 A GALLON AND
PLUNGED THE WORKING CLASS PEOPLE
OF THIS STATE INTO POVERTY.
THAT JUST CAN'T CONTINUE.
AND I THINK PEOPLE ARE JUST
GOING TO REJECT THE SOCIALIST
EX-MAYOR OF SAN FRANCISCO.
LOU: WELL, YOUR PERFORMANCE IN
THIS RACE, YOU WERE GIVEN SO
CREDIT WHATSOEVER FOR BEING ABLE
TO WIN THE REPUBLICAN
NOMINATION.
TO BE SECOND IN THAT RACE IN
WHAT THE SOCIALIST STRONG HOLD
OF AMERICA.
I KNOW THERE ARE A LOT OF
CAPITALISTS, INCLUDING YOURSELF.
BUT LOOK AT THIS.
TO COME TO THAT POINT TO BE
SECOND IN THAT RACE, AND GAVIN
NEWSOM SAID SOMETHING THAT I
THOUGHT, ONE OF THOSE THINGS
THAT YOU THINK, BE CAREFUL WHAT
YOU ASK FOR.
HE TWEETED OUT, YOU KNOW,
LOOKING FORWARD TO THE PRESIDENT
CAMPAIGNING AS MANY TIMES AS HE
WANTS IN THE STATE OF
CALIFORNIA.
I HAD TO BELIEVE THAT YOU WERE
THINKING THAT WAS A PRETTY GOOD
IDEA.
>> WELL, I DO.
AND I TALKED TO THE WHITE HOUSE
TODAY AND WE'RE GOING TO GET THE
PRESIDENT HERE.
YOU KNOW, GAVIN NEWSOM WANTS TO
TALK ABOUT PRESIDENT TRUMP, AND
MY ANSWER IS, THAT'S WHAT A
CRAVING POLITICIAN DOES.
I'M A BUSINESSMAN LIKE THE
PRESIDENT.
THAT POLITICIAN GAVIN NEWSOM
DOESN'T WANT TO TALK ABOUT THE
TAX BURDEN IN THIS STATE, HE
COST OF HOUSING WHICH HAS LED
46% BAY AREA RESIDENTS WANT TO
LEAVE THE STATE, HE DOESN'T WANT
TO TALK ABOUT THE LOUSY SCHOOLS
WE'RE SPENDING BILLIONS ARE THAT
ARE 45th IN THE COUNTRY, HE
DOESN'T WANT TO TALK ABOUT THE
LACK OF WATER.
JERRY BROWN SAID WE'RE ALL GOING
TO BE LIMITED TO 55-GALLONS A
DAY BECAUSE THEY'VE BEEN TEARING
DOWN RESERVOIRS INSTEAD OF
BUILDING THEM.
HE DIDN'T WANT TO TALK ABOUT THE
LOUSY CROWDED ROADS FULL OF
POTHOLES OR THE HOMELESS LIVING
IN OUR STREETS, LOU.
THIS IS RIDICULOUS
MISMANAGEMENT.
WE NEED A BUSINESS PERSON TO
TURN THIS STATE AROUND AND GET
GOOD MANAGEMENT PRACTICES HERE.
LOU: AND IT SOUNDS LIKE A GOOD
HEALTHY DOSE OF COMMON SENSE
WOULD ALSO.
>> ABSOLUTELY.
LOU: -- BE IN ADVANCER.
IT SEEMS TO BE THE DEMOCRATIC
WAY RIGHT NOW, THEY WANT TO
RAISE TAXES, THEY WANT TO
REGULATE DESPITE WHAT PRESIDENT
TRUMP IS DOING NATIONWIDE.
THEY'RE SEEING WHAT'S HAPPENING
TO THE ECONOMY AS HE INSPIRES A
PROSUCCESS, PROBUSINESS,
PROCAPITALLIST AGENDA.
AND YET THEY WANT TO TAKE US
BACK TO THE GOOD OLD YEARS OF
THE OBAMA ADMINISTRATION.
>> FOR EIGHT YEARS THE OBAMA
ADMINISTRATION ANTIBUSINESS
INCREDIBLE REGULATIONS, TAX
INCREASES.
AND BUSINESS DIDN'T WANT TO
INVEST.
I GOT TO TELL YOU, HERE IN
CALIFORNIA, 9,000 BUSINESSES,
LOU, HAVE LEFT THIS STATE IN THE
LAST SEVEN YEARS.
I HAVE TALKED TO SMALL BUSINESS
PEOPLE -- I'M A SMALL
BUSINESSMAN.
I HAVE 100 EMPLOYEES IN MY
BUSINESS.
AND SMALL BUSINESS PEOPLE ALL
ACROSS THE STATE HAVE TOLD ME
THAT THEY WOULD MOVE THEIR
BUSINESSES OUT OF CALIFORNIA IF
THEY ONLY COULD.
BUT YOU KNOW, CAR DEALERS,
RESTAURANTS, FARMERS, THEY CAN'T
MOVE THEIR BUSINESSES.
SILICON VALLEY, YOU KNOW, IS
EXPANDING, BUT THEY'RE EXPANDING
IN ARIZONA, NEVADA, TEXAS, OTHER
PLACES.
THAT CAN'T CONTINUE OR WE'RE
GOING TO HAVE A HOLLOWED-OUT
ECONOMY HERE.
LOU: AND I HAVE TO SAY, WE'RE
PROUD OF YOU.
YOU DEFIED ODDS AND GETTING IT
DONE.
MY GUESS IS THE PRESIDENT WILL
BE EXCITED ABOUT COMING TO
CALIFORNIA TO SUPPORT YOU.
>> THANK YOU.
LOU: AND THE DECISION TO SUPPORT
THE TRUMP AGENDA,
THE TRUMP AGENDA I THINK IS A
BIG LESSON FOR ANYONE RUNS FOR
OFFICE WERE STATE OFFICE OR
CONGRESS OR THE SENATE.
IT'S A LESSON THAT THEY WOULD
LEARN FROM YOU.
>> IT'S ALL ABOUT THE PRIVATE
ECONOMY, LOU.
I WAS A JACK KEMP DISCIPLE.
ECONOMIC GROWTH IS THE BEST PATH
TO PROSPERITY.
I STARTED AT THE BOTTOM.
I HAD NOTHING.
I HAD A SINGLE MOM WHO IS A
SCHOOLTEACHER IN CHICAGO AND I
GOT MY OWN SMALL BUSINESS AND
MADE SOMETHING MYSELF.
I WANT EVERY PERSON IN
CALIFORNIA TO HAVE THE SAME KIND
OF OPPORTUNITIES I DID.
THE CALIFORNIA DREAM RIGHT NOW
IS DREAMING OF MOVING TO TEXAS.